# Channels


### How do we raise customer awareness?
 Since we do not want to bite off more than we can chew initially, we will start off with local businesses first to establish a strong foundation. Then we will expand to the larger businesses that are in town (i.e. Amertirade, Mutual of Omaha) before going nationwide. In order to reach these local businesses we will deploy various forms of advertisement. Ads will be run on sites such as Google and Facebook. We will also host sponsorship and community events, as well as a website that will feature all of our products and service levels.
### How can customers evaluate our offerings?
 We understand that it may be difficult to assign a value to something that is new, so we will offer a three-month money back guarantee. We understand that it will take a bit of time to implement our security with their system, and they will need time to adjust to any changes that were made. With that guarantee in place, they have a bit of breathing room and can decide for themselves if there is value in our product. Potential buyers will also be able to examine everything we have to offer on our website. Consumers will be able to view all levels of service side-by-side and decide which service level would serve them best. 
### How do customers purchase from us?
 We will list the main details of our product on our website but when it comes to discussing the finer details of the deal, that is something we believe should be done in person. The service levels on our website provide a baseline for the various areas we cover, but we can adjust to meet customer needs. This is to show that we take our product and customers very seriously and value them highly.   
### How do we deliver value?
 Being able to convince the world of the value in ourselves and our products is something that has to happen over time; as much as we wish otherwise, there is frankly no simple way to get around this. We know that there are new security threats being developed everyday so we will strive to stay ahead of them by rolling out updates often. We will check in regularly with our customers to see how things are going and if any changes must be made. We will also offer a guarantee: if our product fails and a customer incures a financial loss, SkyNet will refund all losses up to $250,000. This will provide a sense of security to consumers who choose to put their faith in our product.
### How do we provide support?
 We understand that problems can come on all sorts of varying sizes, so our customer support must be flexible in that regard. The first point of contact will be through call or email, through which they can explain the problem to us so we can determine the scope of the problem. If it is a small enough problem, we will handle it swiftly and remotely. For the larger problems, we attempt to handle them remotely as well, but will also provide a team to go manage the problem on site, if necessary. Customer support availability and response time will vary slightly based on level of service.
