# Customer Segments

### Who will we serve?
- Skynet offers comprehensive coverage so we can serve anyone ho has data to protect. We are able to serve individuals, small businesses, large corporations, and even government agencies. Our products are fully customizable to suit all needs regarding data security.

# Here are some of our customers, and the problems they face. 

### Healthcare
- The breaches of electronic health records are on the rise, even with privacy laws that are meant to protect them. These type of security breaches in digital health records can include an extensive amount of personal information, such as your Social Security numbers, medical records, credit cards, and other demographic and financial information related to your identity. Usually there’s sensitive health information that gets acquired during these Hospital breaches. However, hackers are likely not after medical records, instead they are mostly after financial information that they can capitalize on. 
- Many of these breaches are happening due to outdated security systems. Palo Alto Networks recently conducted a survey that found 1.2 million IoT devices used in the US healthcare locations, 56% were still running on Windows 7. Support for Windows 7 ended on January 2020, meaning that there will no longer be any protection regarding any security issues that may arise. This is where Skynet Inc. comes in, we ensure a comprehensive approach to attack-prevention and self-protection services for all interweb products (PC’s, laptops, cellphones, tablets). Skynet is dedicated in providing early threat detection, end to end encryption, inspection of network with various of methods of authentication, and cybersecurity protection to prevent security breaches.

### Gaming Industry
- Industries with sensitive data such as banking and health care have suffered greatly with hacking and data breaches. These large-scale industries often take precedence in the world of data encryption and authentication. An often overlooked, but just as important industry is the gaming industry. The game manufacturers and users alike have sensitive information that is at risk and stand to incur large financial losses to hackers. SkyNet is committed to protecting the valuable resources of the manufacturers from being illegally downloaded as well as providing protection for the user’s sensitive data such as IP addresses, payment methods, email addresses, and passwords. Unlike other forms of copy right protection Skynet has worked diligently to providing an extremely user-friendly form of data protection. We do not make gaming more difficult for the gamer's and we do not require secretive, suspicious software to be downloaded onto gamer's personal computers. Games protected with Skynet encryption will raise the bar for the rest of the gaming industry. Watch, as large-scale data breaches in the gaming community become a thing of the past.

### Government
- Considering how much of our information is available through social media, we forget that the government has just as much if not more. Usually when we think of government, we think of places like the DMV or IRS, and while they poses a lot of important information, we must also take things such as our infrastructure into account. Infrastructure refers to things such as energy, transportation systems, communications, and financial services. In 2017 there were over 35,000 security incidents, as reported by the Department of Homeland Security and when we think of attacks we usually link it to outside threats from around the world, but there could be cases of employees within the system causing a mistake. With AI and IoT becoming more advanced, our company will strive to worry about tomorrow's problems along without forgetting about today's.
Some of the problems reported by the Department of Homeland Security, stem from email/phishing, the web, improper usage, and even loss or theft of equipment. A combination of these issues could  be used as well. We can provide protection for the government when it comes to these issues and allow the larger problems to be faced by other branches of the government. When it comes to email/phishing, the web, and improper usage, we can provide monitoring and software protection that will keep the data safe. As for physically losing or stealing objects that contain valuable data (such as HDDs and SSDs), we can offer encryption to make it next to impossible for the data to be accessed. In any case of a contingency to hardware, we can offer back-ups to our own encrypted cloud servers so they can retrieve any data lost.

### E-commerce and Authors
- The eBook industry is one that has grown in with rise of the Internet. Over the past few decades, companies such as Amazon with their Kindle services and Audible have provided eBooks in a wide variety across all sorts of different platforms, and even different formats such as both text-based and audiobook formats. The industry has grown remarkably and, for many consumers, has even become the preferred method of reading their favorite titles. However, that is not to say that the rise has come without a hitch. Piracy of eBooks has become a big issue for these companies, and it is an issue that cannot continue on being unaddressed. According to data from the Authors Guild, eBook piracy alone costs American publishers over $300 million annually. The UK’s Intellectual Property Office reported in 2017 that 17% of all eBooks downloaded that year were pirated. As tragic as this is for publishers and especially authors who deserve to be rewarded for their work, these statistics are not unavoidable. If proper steps taken beforehand, things can be done to make it near-impossible for eBook files to leak and fall into unpaying hands. That’s where SkyNet comes in. Through our services, we can help protect your eBook service from being affected by the plague of piracy. With our high-level encryption services, we can help keep your servers safe from harmful attacks. Addressing a much more common method of piracy, however, our services can also provide reliably strong, consumer-friendly encryption that prevents legally purchased eBook files from being leaked from the devices they are owned on and spread out to other people. SkyNet can ensure that your eBook sales stay in the hands of those who have rightfully purchased them without you having to worry about a thing. Don’t become part of the statistic; trust SkyNet to make sure your eBooks stay in the right hands.

### Recap
- SkyNet targets a mass market, anyone can have data to protect and we want to be their first choice. We understand that the security needs of a small business and a fortune 500 company will greatly vary and SkyNet is able to account for that. 

### References

